Unfortunately Fortunato no longer lives
with me, my strong donkey Fortunato, my
Donkey, I received a complaint from some
neighbors because the donkey was really
noisy and I
could have made it up before, but let's
see, I have to give you some bad news
that Jorge Javier was telling you and that is that
apparently he has been reported
by his neighbors because of the noise
the donkey Fortunato was making and they took it
away from him he had to get rid of it who
knows what he has done
with the donkey I don't see myself in the
circumstances, I don't know what you have to
do in these cases but apparently he has
had to find a way to make a living and find
a home for the donkey I live in an
organization and what I don't want is to
make life complicated for my neighbors and
yes it is true that the donkey
got used to the fact that every time he brayed
we gave him a carrot and then of course
during the summer he didn't sleep
at all and spent the whole
night disgusting and then I understand since
well he
is like on colonies and I am going to go see him
periodically but I have missed him a lot I
have to